Add deprecation notices for Polls, Sortitions, and Collaborative Drafts (#15298)
decidim/decidim: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## 2. General notes

### 2.1. Module deprecations

As part of our ongoing efforts to improve and make simpler Decidim, the following modules will be **deprecated** in this version (v0.31) and **removed** in the next major version (v0.32):

> #### Collaborative Drafts and Participatory Texts

Author: ```suggestion
#### Collaborative Drafts
```

> The Collaborative Drafts and Participatory Texts features in the Proposals module (`decidim-proposals`) will be removed in v0.32. These features allowed participants to collaboratively edit texts within proposals. Organizations using this feature should plan to migrate to the `decidim-collaborative_texts` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Collaborative Drafts feature in the Proposals module (`decidim-proposals`) will be removed in v0.32. Organizations using this feature can switch to the new proposal co-authorship feature.
```
